Hey Guys, Welcome Back To Movie X Recap,
In Today's Video, I'm Going To Recap, Killing
Me Softly, Thriller Romance Movie,
So Know The Story Of This Movie In Today's
Explanation, so Without Wasting Any Time,
Let's Begin,
At the beginning of the movie, we are shown
climbing a mountain group. But suddenly they
all start falling down, due to which they
die. After this we see the main character
Alice of the movie. Which is American, but
she lives in Landon with her boyfriend. Alice
never met her dad and didn't even talk to
her mom. One day she was going to her office
when she meets a boy on the rode. And she
starts getting attracted towards that boy,
but they do not talk to each other. And Alice
goes to her office and that boy also goes
inside a bookshop. Alice does not like work.
Alice keeps thinking about that boy only.
Alice goes back there at lunch time and secretly
starts seeing the boy. That boy also sees
her and both of them sit in a taxi. The boy
takes her to his house and then both of them
become intimate. And Alice starts feeling
guilty while coming back. Because she already
has a boyfriend. Yet she became intimate with
another man. She tries hard not to think about
the boy, and she can't stop herself. Next
day while returning home from office, Alice
goes to bookshop. On the other hand, he sees
a book which was written on that boy. The
shop owner says This boy's name is Adam had
seen an accident on the mountain at the beginning
of the movie, there was also Adam in it. killed
many people. But Adam saved the lives of 6
people there. That's why everyone considers
him a hero, and a book has also been written
on Adam. Alice buys this book, and Alice goes
to meet Adam at his house. Again these two
get intimate and Alice asks him about that
accident. Adam says he doesn't even know.
How did it happen because everything was going
well. There was no fault anywhere. Yet this
accident happened even today, this incident
haunts him. His girlfriend was also among
those people. When he too dies, Alice takes
care of Adam and decides. That from now on
she will remain with Adam. Alice comes home
and breaks up with her boyfriend. Then, after
packing the bag, she goes to Adam's house,
but there was another girl there. Alice thinks
this is Adam's girlfriend and Adam has cheated
on her, but she says girl. She is Adam's sister.
Her name is Deborah and this house is hers.
Alice takes Adam's address from him and goes
to his house, but Adam is not at home, so
she starts waiting outside. After sometime
Adam comes and hag him. At night, both of
them get intimate again. The next morning,
a reporter comes there to interview Adam.
The reporter's name is Joanna and Alice meets
him. Then Alice gets ready and goes to the
office. In the evening, I go to meet Alice
Adam at his training center. There she meets
Adam's sister. She also went on that trip
with adam. Deborah asks Alice to try climbing
once and starts wearing her harness. Then
adam comes over there and says you go, I wear
Alice in Harness. One thing is clear from
this that adam does not believe in his sister,
the live living relationship of Alice and
adam goes on very well. Alice tells her friend
about this. His friend says You already had
a boyfriend, and you were happy with him too.
You are just attracted to adam. Do you really
love Adam, I think your relationship will
not last long, Alice does not pay heed to
her words and both of them go shopping. After
shopping, both of them were going to meet
Adam and then a thief steals Alice's purse
and starts running. Then Adam comes over there
and starts killing the thief. Alice stops
him before he can kill her. Then Adam proposes
her for marriage and Adam also says yes. The
next day, Alice receives a letter that read,
“You don't even know Adam well and are going
to marry him.” What are you talking about
so soon? Alice shows the letter to Adam. Adam
says all this is useless, you just believe
in me, one day both of them go to church and
get married. Adam lived in this TOWN as a
child. He shows her his favorite walking place.
Adam asks her to change the dress by taking
her to the statue and he clicks a photo of
Alice without clothes. And then both of them
go out for hiking. The two make a honeymoon
at a house in the middle of the woods, a few
days later, Alice receives a letter again.
It was written in that. You have made a big
mistake by marrying Adam, Alice thinks. Her
ex boyfriend is sending this letter to her,
then calls her but CALL receives her friend.
Alice discovers her ex-boyfriend and her friend
are dating. Alice understands. It was sent
by someone else who wants to tell him something.
In the evening go to a party with Adam. All
the friends of Adam had come there, while
Deborah was also there. Deborah gifts Alice
a necklace. A few days later, when she was
in her office, reporter Joanna calls her,
she says that a girl called him after seeing
Adam's interview. A few years ago, Adam raped
her. Alice takes Joanna's address and goes
to meet her. Then she says that she met Adam
at a party. Both of them were dancing. Adam
took me home and raped me. But today everyone
is considering Adam as Hero. Actually he is
a villain. Alice gets very upset after hearing
all this and now she also starts doubting
Adam. He sees a lock wardrobe at Adam's house.
She opens it. On the other hand, Adam's ex
girlfriend had some letters written in this
letter. I don't want to be with you anymore
because you are such a strange person. I'm
going back to my husband Michael's. When Adam
returns home, Alice quickly hides the letter.
Adam also suspects Alice But Adam doesn't
tell her anything. After Adam leaves, she
goes to open those wardrobes again. But she
doesn't get the key because Adam has taken
that key with him. Meanwhile, he gets a package
and letter. The package had the same dress
that she wore in the honeymoon and was written
in the letter. Do you still believe in Adam,
Alice thinks. Adam's ex-girlfriend is sending
these letters to him, so Alice goes to meet
Adele at his house. But on the other hand
his mom says that Adele is missing since last
8 months. Even her husband does not know.
Where is he, there was also a group photo,
Adam. Adele's mom says Adele and Adam are
good friends From then on she sees the same
photo of Adele as Adam clicked on her without
clothes in front of that statue, then she
thinks maybe Adam has murdered Adele. When
she comes home, Adam feels it. Alice is having
an affair with someone else. Alice tells him
everything, the truth. She says that she had
received letters from Adele and went to his
house too. She asks Adam. did you murder Adele.
Then Adam says no. He didn't kill her. He
conferences that earlier he had an affair
with Adele, but now he is in love with Alice,
but Alice does not believe in Adam and runs
away from the house on the pretext of the
washroom. Adam also follows him. But Alice
hides. Alice goes to the police station and
says. Her husband has murdered a girl. Now
the officers ask for evidence from him, but
he does not have any evidence, so the officers
are also unable to help him. At the same time,
Adam also comes there and says that his wife
is missing. There was some miss understanding
between them. So she has left the house. The
officers show all this to Alice, and they
don't think Adam can murder anyone. Still,
Alice does not believe in Adam, and she goes
to Deborah to ask for help. Deborah says she
was already suspicious of Adam. Deborah thinks
that the accident on the mountain happened
only because of Adam because the instruments
that those people use are of good quality,
and they do not break easily, and they broke
very early that day. Adam knew the girls by
using them. Kills with. In order to kill his
girlfriends on the mountain, he also killed
other people so that it could be an accident,
then Alice says that maybe Adam killed Adele
and buried him in front of that statue. Both
of them go to the statue to check. Deborah
says this time. She had sent him those letters
because she wanted to warn him. Adam, on the
other hand, goes to Deborah's house and sees
a picture of both Adele and Alice's statues.
He understands. Alice has left the statue
with Deborah, so he also goes after her. On
the other hand, both of them start digging
the ground. He found the dead body of a girl
and had a necklace around her neck. She understands,
as Deborah gave it to her. This murder was
done by Deborah not by adam Deborah confirms
that he killed Adele and that accident on
the mountain also happened because of him
Deborah says it was necessary to kill Adam's
girlfriends because Deborah likes Adam since
childhood does. She thinks Adam is just her.
In childhood, both of them had also become
intimate in front of this statue. Deborah
says that I have killed all the girlfriends
of Adam, and now it is your turn to kill,
saying that she attacks Alice, but then Adam
comes there and Alice saves it. Adam tells
Deborah that whatever happened between them
in childhood was a mistake, and he already
suspected Deborah that he had committed the
murders, so he did not believe in her. Now
Deborah also attacks him and then Alice shoots
him with flare gun. On the spot he dies. The
next morning the police comes and takes Adam
with them, after that 2 years pass and these
people meet at the airport but these people
do not talk to each other and the movie ends
here.